# Final Project Retrospective

## Team Members
- Student 1: Gideon Antony Salangsang
- Student 2: Kayne Uriel Rodrigo

## 1. How did you divide the work between you and your partner?
First, we read all the instructions first. We realized that we need to accomplish all the features for the two of us, therefore splitting the four features into two features per each member.

## 2. What Git strategies or commands helped you most during the project?
For us, it's the pull request workflow. Since here, we can double check the changes made before pushing it to the main branch. It ensures that the code changes are being read by the reviewer as well.

## 3. Describe a merge conflict you encountered. What caused it and how did you resolve it?
The merge conflict occurred in the store_view.pseudo file, specifically in the display_storefront_header() function at line 50. Both team members modified the storefront welcome banner differently while working on the same branch. One version used "WELCOME TO FECP5's PSEUDO SHOP", while the other is "WELCOME TO OUR BRAND NEW PSEUDO SHOP". When attempting to merge the changes, Git detected conflicting edits on the same lines. We resolved the conflict by manually combining both versions into a single, formatted header that retained the style, then committed the resolved file.

## 4. What were the biggest challenges you faced as a team?
For us, there are two. First is the complex branch repository, considering that we have to fork from the original one, we're cautious not to send pull requests to the original repository. Second is the security features within our company laptops since we cannot communicate immediately using screen share via Google Meet.

## 5. What did you learn about using Git in a collaborative setting?
For us, using git in a team setting is necessary to be able to monitor changes towards the streamlined repository, as well as we can merge changes if there are any. Besides that, it also offers branches, which is important, to ensure that changes are isolated first before being mixed with the original code.

## 6. How would you improve your workflow next time?
Probably it would be having a more synchronized discussion of branch formats via a whiteboard meeting onsite.

## 7. Optional: Any feedback on the activity?
The activity was good so far we appreciate that it was done in pseudocode, which made collaboration and logic implementation much easier to understand. Thank you for keeping it manageable and beginner-friendly.

